President Donald Trump has decried the impeachment inquiry as a hoax and a scam run by Democratic "maniacs," but he now faces a critical choice: whether to legitimize the proceedings by allowing his lawyers to participate or refuse to take part in an inquiry he says is a sham.
The White House has been tight-lipped as it weighs the risks and potential reward of intervening in the House proceedings. House Judiciary Chairman Jerrold Nadler, the New York Democrat who will oversee the next phase of the impeachment inquiry in hearings that begin next week, told the White House on Friday that it must give a definitive answer on whether it will participate by 5 p.m. on December 6.
Reminding the President of the stakes, Nadler wrote in his Friday letter that the House Intelligence Committee is preparing its report that will describe "'a months-long effort in which President Trump again sought foreign interference in our elections for his personal and political benefit at the expense of our national interest'" and engaged in "an unprecedented campaign of obstruction in an effort to prevent the Committees from obtaining documentary evidence and testimony."
That report from the House Intelligence Committee is due as early as next week -- a chance for Democrats to make a cogent case against the President after weeks of testimony and document collection.
Nadler has offered the White House the chance to defend the President's conduct head on. It could attempt to sway public opinion by questioning witnesses, introducing its own witnesses -- if approved by the chairman, Democratic Rep. Adam Schiff of California -- and giving a concluding presentation that would offer Americans a succinct argument for Trump's side.
That opportunity to shape the narrative is especially significant because the country is so divided on the question of impeachment. The latest CNN poll found that 50% of Americans say the President should be impeached or removed from office, a number that remains unchanged from October, despite the weeks-long attempt by Democrats to present an airtight case of presidential wrongdoing.
Beneath those static topline numbers, however, a stunning 61% of women favored impeachment and removal of the President, compared with 40% of men. Presenting a coherent narrative about why Democrats are wrong during the upcoming impeachment proceedings could be critical for Trump if he wants to win back support of some of those women. (In 2016, Hillary Clinton beat Trump among women by 54% to 41%).
Women will compose a majority of the electorate next year, and the 2018 midterm election results showed that he is particularly struggling with women who live in the suburban districts that have been key battlegrounds in swing states and districts.
A coordinated White House strategy could also be more effective than the scattershot approach of Republican members of Congress, some of whom did their best to confuse the public during the Intelligence Committee hearings by raising debunked conspiracy theories and pushing the unfounded allegation that Ukraine had interfered in US elections, rather than Russia.
Trump and his Republican colleagues in the House have complained vociferously about the House Intelligence Committee rules because they were excluded from those hearings. Before the hearings began, Trump tweeted: "It was just explained to me that for next weeks Fake Hearing (trial) in the House, as they interview Never Trumpers and others, I get NO LAWYER & NO DUE PROCESS. It is a Pelosi, Schiff, Scam against the Republican Party and me. This Witch Hunt should not be allowed to proceed!"
In an Oct. 8 letter to House Democratic leaders, the President's Counsel Pat Cipollone charged that they had designed their inquiry in a way that violates fundamental fairness and constitutionally mandated due process.
"You have denied the President the right to cross-examine witnesses, to call witnesses, to receive transcripts of testimony, to have access to evidence, to have counsel present, and many other basic rights guaranteed to all Americans."
White House lawyers could potentially offer Americans alternative theories for the President's pressure campaign on Ukraine. They could bring in their own witnesses to better explain why nearly $400 million in aid to Ukraine was withheld; and they could create enough doubt about the President's intentions to give a few swing-district Democrats pause before the full House votes on impeachment.
But they also would be playing that game under Democratic rules. Already the timing of the hearings conflicts with the President's schedule. One administration official told CNN's Jim Acosta on Friday not to expect Trump to participate in Wednesday's House Judiciary hearing since the commander in chief will be in London that day attending the NATO summit.
"Kind of hard when Nadler scheduled his hearing when the President is in London," the official told Acosta. "He [Nadler] has the audacity to ask whether the President will attend."
Overall the White House has not decided whether to have its attorneys at the hearing: "The letter is being reviewed and options are under consideration," the official told Acosta on Friday.
Using his bully pulpit and his Twitter account, Trump has succeeded in convincing most Republicans that the Democrats have overreached in their zealous pursuit of criminality by the President.
Even after a tremendous effort by the Democrats to convince Americans that Trump abused his power in pursuit of a political favor, the President's approval numbers are steady at 42%, and CNN's new poll found that only 10% of Republicans favor impeachment and removal (up from 6% in October).
Trump adopted a new line of defense this week to try to distance himself from maneuverings in Ukraine by telling conservative talk radio host Bill O'Reilly that he had no idea what his personal lawyer Rudy Giuliani was doing in Ukraine.
Other members of Trump's team, including Ambassador to the European Union Gordon Sondland, have testified that Giuliani was the point man arranging a quid pro quo of a White House meeting with Trump for Ukraine's President in exchange for the Ukrainian President publicly announcing an investigation into Joe and Hunter Biden.
There is another compelling reason why Trump and his lawyers might skip the House Judiciary proceedings, and that is because if the House impeaches him, the trial will then start in the Senate -- which is friendlier territory.
Once the inquiry moves to the Senate, Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, a Kentucky Republican, will be steering the process, giving the White House more control.
Last week, McConnell's deputies -- including Mike Lee of Utah, John Kennedy of Louisiana, Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, Tom Cotton of Arkansas and Ted Cruz of Texas -- met with Cipollone to begin discussing the framework of the trial if the House impeaches Trump, which it is expected to do by Dec. 25.
In that early meeting, a source told CNN, the leaders talked about allowing Democrats to lay out their case over a two-week period before Republicans make a move to dismiss it. But those talks are still in early days. Moreover, McConnell and Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, a New York Democrat, are expected to attempt to negotiate a bipartisan resolution setting rules and procedures for the Senate trial.
It's hard to know what that trial would look like, but the White House clearly may look more favorably on an arena where it could lay out its case without being forced to abide by the enemy's rules.
(CNN)American rock climber Brad Gobright has died after a fall in northern Mexico.
The incident happened Wednesday at Sendero Luminoso in El Potrero Chico, the nation's civil protection agency said. Gobright, 31, of Orange County, California, was with a climbing partner when he fell nearly 985 feet.
Rescuers retrieved his body Thursday and treated his climbing partner, Aidan Jacobson, for injuries to his ankle and other parts of his body.
A fellow climber and a friend of the partner said Jacobson told him their rope got stuck, causing them to both fall 20-30 feet to the ledge below. El Potrero Chico is 31 miles northwest of Monterrey in Mexico's Nuevo Leon state.
Jacobson crashed into a bush, which broke his fall and stopped him from tumbling farther. "It pretty much saved his life," the friend, Ryan Borys, said. Jacobson told him he saw Gobright fall past him and over the ledge.
The State Department confirmed Gobright's death in Mexico. "We offer our sincerest condolences to his family on their loss. We are closely monitoring local authorities' investigation and are providing all appropriate consular assistance. Out of respect to the family during this difficult time, we have no further comment," it said.
Famed climber Alex Honnold, who was featured in the film "Free Solo," paid tribute to Gobright in a post on Instagram.
"He was such a warm, kind soul - one of a handful of partners that I always loved spending a day with," he posted. "... I'm just sad for Brad and his family. And for all of us who were so positively affected by his life. So crushing. Brad was a real gem of a man. The climbing world lost a true light."
Alice Hafer, one of Gobright's climbing partners, described her shock at news of his death.
"He had a magic about him on the rock, unlike anyone I've ever met," she said. "He was so supportive and encouraging, always pushing me harder and believing in me. I can't believe that not even a few weeks ago he was sitting next to me as we drove home from Arizona. I'll cherish those moments always."
CNN's Maija Ehlinger, Juliana Gonzalez and Mary Kay Mallonee contributed to this report
Tablet and iPad users finally found a way to drastically improve their internet speed and enjoy it to the fullest for the cheapest price possible…
Have you ever noticed how much slower your internet gets during the peak hours of the day?
It is now clear that all that annoying endless buffering happens because of your internet service provider (ISP) which is doing that on purpose! ISPs are capping your internet speeds to give their best-paying customers better service by transferring some of your “bandwidth” to them…
If your internet plan is one of those cheaper ones, there’s a great chance that you won’t be even able to watch Youtube, Netflix, or make a skype call during those hours of “throttling”.
That doesn’t sound fair, does it?
Luckily, there’s finally a solution! It takes only one simple yet genius device to put an end to this and many other annoying internet problems!
An ex-engineer, who’s been working for years at one of the largest internet providers in Germany, came up with this idea to solve this issue. He always knew that people pay full price for the service that sometimes barely works, and that internet operators control this process…
He never felt happy about being a part of this.
His solution was to create a device that would be able to bypass ISP's speed throttling while increasing WiFi's range and speed around your house. He wanted it to be as simple as possible, so that anyone, even the least tech-savvy ones, would be able to use it.
After days of trying, he finally reached his desired result… and called it “Wifi UltraBoost”.
How does Wifi UltraBoost work?
There’s a really simple way to explain this. The major problem in this situation are cheap Wi-Fi router boxes that are sold by our internet service providers.
Thick walls of our houses prevent that already weak signal from spreading around in full speed. Not to mention that it’s nearly impossible to connect more than one device…
This results in frustration brought by your weak Wi-Fi signal and many “dead spots” that appear around your house…
Wifi UltraBoost helps to overcome this problem by simply plugging in into any socket!
When you think about it, Wifi UltraBoost sounds like a miracle – two cutting-edge Wi-Fi routers and a powerful amplifier in one palm-sized device.
Wifi UltraBoost spots your existing signal, improves its characteristics and then transmits already amplified Wi-Fi through all the obstacles it meets on its way – whether it’s concrete walls or multiple floors.
But that’s not all! Wifi UltraBoost solves our main problem – Internet providers slowing down the speed – by preventing data usage reports from reaching ISPs in the first place. There’s probably no need to say that it makes the speed throttling not even possible!
To sum up: Wifi UltraBoost provides you with a much faster and stronger internet connection at any time and any corner at your house without additional costs.
Wifi UltraBoost brings noticeable results immediately after you plug it in. It is now available for only $49 (instead of $99.99) which is totally worth all the benefits that come with it. Order now in Taiwan and enjoy your improved internet connection in a few days already!
The results
Wifi UltraBoost got acknowledged by expert magazines as a device with “the best reception we have ever tried,” that not only boosts slow internet connections but also improves already fast Wi-Fi by making it even better!
Below you see a test made with Wi-Fi that was only at almost 24Mbit through a wall. This is usually enough for a couple of devices to enjoy HD videos in Youtube at once. Wifi UltraBoost improved the speed into amazing 84,6Mbit that would make it possible for at least 10 devices to enjoy same videos in incredible 4k at the same time!
All these great results achieved with such a simple device! So simple that all you need to start using it is to plug it into a wall socket!
What are the main features of Wifi UltraBoost?
Works with any internet router or brand
Uses the frequency of 2.4Ghz
Transfer rate of up to 300Mbps, equipped for all applications LAN RJ45 connection
Easy to set up
Energy-efficient and low-radiation interference
No additional material needed to install
Universal applicability
What problems does Wifi UltraBoost solve?
Slow internet connection
Weak Wi-Fi signal after leaving the room
Bad quality of video calls
Wi-Fi “dead spots” around your house
Endless buffering
Thick walls that weakens the signal
Insufficient download and upload times
For a limited time, Wifi UltraBoost is available to you 50% cheaper! It takes only 3 simple steps to finally solve your frustrating internet problems:
Step 1: Get Wifi UltraBoost from the official website
Step 2: Plug Wifi UltraBoost into a socket and start the configuration
Step 3: Be amazed of your Wi-Fi speed!
Why Get Wifi UltraBoost Today?
Wifi UltraBoost is now available at the best possible price to raise its awareness.
However, this heavily discounted price is available only for a limited time…
Check out if it’s in stock and get yours here:
Get the best possible deal ordering Wifi UltraBoost from the official website here >>
EXCLUSIVE OFFER: For a limited time, get Wifi UltraBoost 50% OFF with a free shipping!
Boost Your Internet Speed Now! »
I add xray and xerox here for helping character x.